A note of 
Everything we are going to show to you here are restrirect only to those who held the dragon insignia. The high priestess of west Shinto tower said. I believe that I have find the identity of our enemy, the man who able to attack the London archives and stole the old iron crown. However, to understand our enemy I must tell you all about the secret pact that shaman organization created almost 1800 years ago or 1788 years ago to be exact. All of this pact was recorded in the recently founded dead sea scroll. The high priestess walk to the side of the room and carefully touch the broken scroll that has aged for many many years. 
This scroll, tell us further about the mythical existence of another world, the source and homeland of all spirit and nightmare. This world is known as the Spirit World. The room immediately filled with chatter and many speak of nonsense and fairy tale. The priest of Austria stand and said, “you cant fooled us with  this non sense, the spirit world was only a ruse and fools dream.” 
“No, Hans, no. Please listen to me.” Said the high priestess.
“Silent!” Bakuzan the head of Shaman organization speak clearly.
The room filled with silence again and the high priestess continue. 
“Everything I am going to show to you may seems like a fairy tale, but I have some proof to show to all of you.” 
The priestess use a chant and move the scroll to the middle of table and turn it bright. “Show us your secret, scroll of the dead sea.”
A flash of light and now all of them see the word on the scroll start to re arranged and show a kind of pact written in Armenia. On the side of the scroll is symbol of the old shaman organization and on the other is the symbol of a Wolf, a symbol that no one ever see. 
The high priestess start to translate the meaning. 
“As of this pact formed, The Shaman Organization and all of the Shaman on this world will never speak about nor come to the Spirit World. We will never call upon the power of any Spirit that closely related with Wolf Emperor seat of power. In return, the Spirits will lend portion of the spirit but without any further exchange of information”
“This pact was created by our Ancestor to this mythical figure of Wolf Emperor. And unfortunately we all know that part of the pact has been violated now.”
“we talk about the Spirit World” Bakuzan said
“Yes, but before that, somebody broke the second part of the pact since then this pact has become obsolete.” High priestess continue
“Somebody has called upon the power of the spirit that closely related to this Wolf Emperor. I already start to trace the name of all the spirit but partial result show that all of the recent big incident, the flame in Shinjuku, the Earthquake on Cairo, and even the dark mist on Berlin was all related to the old spirit mentioned in some dark scroll we owned.”
The priestess show them some of the dark scroll, many start to see the priestess with disgust.
“You dare to open this scroll?!” the holy oracle of Ice ask
“I do what must be done, Hakuna, so yes. I paid the price.” He show them his hand that start to rot.
“The name of those spirit are Hkula, the spirit of Thunderstorm. Kaimu the spirit of Eternal Flame, and Sigur the spirit of Crystal. Even the recent attack on London has a weird nature phenomenon, Violet Sky and everlasting twilight for about 3 hours, this closely related with Libra, the spirit of Twilight.”
“So what they want?” Bakuzan said
“I believe they have similar goal with us, all this time we try to resurrect the White Ghost in order to return the abundance of magic in earth, but I believe that someone has start to use this old spirit to alter the ability of White Ghost for something we do not know yet.” 
“the resusrection of White Ghost need a story to be done, all this time Kaguya and her friends has play the role of the maiden and Heroes. Even though we only want them to play role as the holder of legacy. Somebody is turning their role away and away from their original role. All of this attack was fabricated to change the story!.”
“So, the man in the mask want this? To turn all of them to heroes and resurrect White Ghost this way?” Hans ask again
“No, something was very wrong on the day when London Archives attacked. Actually, the natural phenomenon happen first and violet sky already hang in the sky of London 1 hour before the man in the mask appear. Why they suddenly appear? Why now? If what they need is heroes then why they turning themselves into the villain? Unless I think that they want something else.” 
“they attack the Archives with unprecedented power, the defense does not expecting various spirit to suddenly attack like that and yet there are no summoner at all to be spotted, even the gargoyle that supposed to guard the crown disappear. But before they disappear, they do something and dismiss the eternal twilight and violet sky away.”
“The pillar of light that come from the archives, that their doing?” Hans baffled
“Yes, the record show that they use the crown as a catalyst for another artefact to shot down the pillar of light.”
“Now, Kaguya and all of her friends was late because of some technical problem on the plane, but after we done investigation we found nothing is wrong. I must say gentlemen, that those guy are not the heroes this time and I MUST say that somehow the masked man make a part of the story with only villain or maybe in their perspective they change the hero.”
 “We stary too far from the main issue, who is this masked man.”
“Yes. I believe ladies and gentlemen, that this guy is a heir of the Wolf Throne. The enemy call their leader with one name” priestess take a deep breath
“The Azura”

“This is ridiculous” The thousand hand monk said
“So the perpetrator of all attack before London was not this guy? It was someone else.” 
“Yes,  but we still don’t have any idea who capable to done something like this”
“So, the enemy clear the phenomenon. I wonder, are they really our enemy.”
“OF COURSE! They destroy the whole London Archives and injured many of our personels!”
“Okay, we need  verdict. The masked man is still questionable motive”
The discussion goes on some see the masked man as an enemy that must be hunted but some have doubt and want the masked man to be investigated further especially his role in the attack on 3 previous city.
Meanwhile, Azura or better known as Kuraba Kintarou is still hanging around the London Archives dressing as a bystander with a newspaper on his hand. He wonder how things go this bad. 
Everything began when he return to the human world, he return as an Azura, a powerful being who already inherited half of the Wolf Emperor power. The moment he emerged from the pond, all of the world was shocked with his power. Until now he has to surpass his power and make sure that no one able to presence, luckily he is very good at stealth. 
Kuraba return to this world only to discover that the story of white ghost inresusrection has taken the worst turn. Those enemy wants to resurrect the epic of the heroes that must kill his own brethren. The problem is Kaguya and his little band of warrior already hold on that tittle for some time after the attack on 3 city, that’s why Kuraba lead the Spirits to London Archives and take matter to their own hand, to prevent the story from progressing any further. He know that this is only going to delay the resurrection unless he found the villain and kill him first before Kaguya and others kill him because the identity of the enemy is Pascal, the close friends of Kaguya and the heir of the Shaman organization, son of Bakuzan. It almost impossible to get his hand on Pascal without having this escalated into a war with shaman organization which is something that he doesn’t want, the spirit world cannot bear another war not while it recovering from the sucession war that recently end with the result of Kuraba holding half of wolf emperor power as Azura and Kabuki hold the other half. 
Kabuki, where is he. After Kuraba become Azura, Kabuki attack the lost citadel of North and claim the power of North Emperor for himself. By doing that he effectively become the holder of all power on the North. With his small band of loyal and formidable warrior he wreak havoc on the capital and now disappear to the human world. Man like him cannot stay in hiding for a long time. He is waiting for something. But what is it.
A carriage with gold ornament suddenly appear on the street of London. It seems out of place but it get into the site of London Archives. He is the man that Kuraba has been waiting for, the High Priestess. Kuraba know that this little priest has know too much about them, he already share some of his knowledge but not all. If Kuraba can kidnap him now, he can keep his identity a secret for much more time. High priestess come down and followed by him is Kaguya. The woman who suddenly came to Kuraba’s old school and recruit some student to help her defend the city, it happen about 6 month ago and now all of them is a heroes in a tragic tale of treachery. Kaguya seems different, she wear his official battle grab. Kuraba know that Kaguya is a very capable person, maybe one of the few who able to see through his stealth camouflage. However, his real ability lies with her bow. She own a magical bow, an artifact of 2 different origin, east and west. Kuraba think whether he should kidnap the priestess while Kaguya is around since she most likely able to identify him, they was once a classmate after all. 
“You need help?” A voice like snake show up next to Kuraba
Its Viper, the woman-snake spirits. She wear clothes similar to citizen of London. A fur cowl, scarf, and gloves. Its winter and she doesn’t like cold. 
“It will be appreciated, I need you to attract that woman in black grab gear. Don’t fight her yet, I just need time to kidnap the priestess.”
“Why not just take her away too?”
“No, it will be dangerous.”
“Fine, I’m ready anytime.”
Kuraba take a deep breath and give Viper some smoke bomb and said
“If you need it.”
Viper take the bomb and immediately throw it into the crowd.
“Well, I don’t expect that. Don’t hurt any bystander.”
“Just go!”
Kuraba immediately activate his power. His body now covered with his usual battle gear and a mask cover his face. Meanwhile Viper take off her clothes and enter battle mode. 
Kaguya was distracted and all of the guard. They immediately come to check, however all of those who enter the smoke was bitten and paralyzed by Viper. When the smoke dispersed there are only some paralyzed bodies on the ground. The High priestess immediately brough into the nearest office and had to hide inside while Kaguya is taking her bow and lead the Shaman to inverstigate the area. 
On this moment, Kuraba immediately sneak into the perimeter and to the place where priestess is. Viper also show herself to Kaguya and challenge her. All of the Shaman get into position and attack her. Viper dodge and attack all of them. Using shadow spirits as weapon and shield. Kaguya simply provide cover using her bow and owl magic. She know that something is wrong, she doesn’t understand why someone is returning to the site of battle.
Then she realize that there is nothing left on the battle and it just a day where priestess is coming, so she immediately send her owl to check on him. Meanwhile, kuraba already defeated all of priestess’ guard. He still try to defend himself and call upon the spirit of the Monkey King. But Kuraba use his King’s Speech and make the Monkey King to stop his intervention and went home. The priestess cant believe what he saw and next thing he know Kuraba already knock him out. 
Kuraba take him away and telepathicly contact Viper to run away after 2 minutes. Right on that time, Kaguya’s owl witness him and immediately kaguya run to him. Viper immediately move and try to block her. But she just keep dodging and use various magic to keep Viper away. Kuraba knew he doesn’t have much time before Shaman is on his tail. So he made a decision. He call upon blade of Laguna and call upon a storm to London. Then he run away, as fast as he could. Kaguya is already on his tail. But the coming storm is goind to stop her if Kuraba manage to reach the sea. Viper already run away and try to provide help with snake shadow. But Kaguya is extremely hard to budge. 
When both of them is on the coast Kaguya believe that she already manage to corner him but she was wrong. On the horizon is a coming storm by the Laguna and all of ship that surround the coast will get ravaged. Kaguya think that there is no ship around so she take out her bow and point it at him and shout
“You have nowhere to run! Give up!”
Kuraba doesn’t even stop and run to the sea. He use his ability to walk on water and easily pass through the barricade created by ship. All of the ship then immediately on manover to catch him, but he is running into the coming thunderstorm followed with extreme wave. Kuraba immediately disappear into the storm. 
The priestess wake up inside a room with a single bed and a mirror. He still dizzy from the attack he suffer. He wonder where is he now. He currently in Tokyo, on the old shaman abode founded by Kuraba. He look around and look at himself on the mirror, soon a sprite appear on the mirror, but only on the mirror. The sprite is responsible to feed him and watch over him. Priestess feel offended but he just able to pray that he will be safe on this unknown enemy hand.
Bakuzan soon know that the priestess has been kidnapped. Kaguya tell him by herself and also an apology. Bakuzan soon ask the Great Britain branch to assemble a search team and even to scour the sea. 
Meanwhile, Kuraba meet with the old King of the Night and his son, the Giant of the Moon. The night family only has a specific purpose on this invasion on human world and which is to reclaim his long lost daughter, the Priestess of the Moon that currently for captured by the shaman organization many years ago when she is just a baby. Ever since she stay on the golden tower under strict supervision of shaman’s Shinto branch. 
By the continuation of the heroes story, the next step on this story is the sacrifice of a maiden. Unfortunately, the heroes which is Kaguya and her band is closely related with the moon priestess. So the villain of the story will most likely will sacrifice her as a catalyst to continue his plan. 
The old king already cant fight, his time as a great warrior has passed and he only can hope that Azura will help him fight the shaman and reclaim her daughter with the help of his son. The Giant of the Moon is an extremely strong spirit entity cladded inside the iron armor. His true body cannot got hit by sunlight and so he use the huge armor as protection and as a medium to fight. 
“I fear for my daughter safety Azura.”
“I know, the next step of our plan is to reclaim her after all.”
“Please take my son, help him to reclaim his sister.”
“Sure, why not. We are going to assault the strictly secured jail protected even by the infamous thousand iron hand monk.”
“Do you have plan Azura?”
“Yes, but I need Hellsing to come here.”
“Hellsing? The vampire hunter? Why would you?”
“and a vampire too. Its because the man who has been planned to kill your daughter has been chosen.”
“Who? A vampire?”
“Yes, technically. We are going to fight another Hellsing. That’s why I want our Hellsing to fight his old family because only a vampire can handle another vampire”
“And do you think he is going to agree, to fight his own family?”
“Yes, he will.” A deep voices answer from across the room. He wear the grab of Victoria and hold many menacing weapon on his belt. 
“The Hellsing family has stray far from its true origin. The family now only think about their position on the shaman organization while turn blind eye on many vampire attack on the rural village just because it was a weapon developed by the research division of Austria Shaman Organization.
“A hellsing will exterminate all vampire, without any question.”
“Good to hear that, Hellsing.” Kuraba said
“however Azura, I know that power of Bram is yours but if you display that power in front of me again. I will hunt you”
“Don’t worry I don’t like this power too.”

 
